Sentence casing (#1037)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-dashboard-status-tiles.md

---
title: "Dashboard status tiles"
id: "cloud-dashboard-status-tiles"

> description: "You can get an insight into the quality and freshness of data when you use a Dashboard Status Tile."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Embed Status Tiles in your dashboards to provide consumers with contextual information about the quality and freshness of data."
```
